docs(troubleshoot): add target allocator steps to metrics investigation (#3499)
SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection: docs/troubleshoot-collection.md

"sumologic/collection-sumologic-otelcol-logs-0"
```

Next, please ensure that the `serviceMonitor` has been picked up by any metrics collector, by using one of the following method:

```yaml
kubectl logs -n sumologic -l "app.kubernetes.io/name=collection-sumologic-metrics-collector" | grep 'serviceMonitor/sumologic/collection-sumologic-otelcol-logs/0'
```

or

```yaml
kubectl -n sumologic logs collection-sumologic-metrics-collector-0 | grep 'serviceMonitor/sumologic/collection-sumologic-otelcol-logs/0'
kubectl -n sumologic logs collection-sumologic-metrics-collector-1 | grep 'serviceMonitor/sumologic/collection-sumologic-otelcol-logs/0'
kubectl -n sumologic logs collection-sumologic-metrics-collector-<...> | grep 'serviceMonitor/sumologic/collection-sumologic-otelcol-logs/0'
```

> Also ensure that all targets has been exposed by Target Allocator properly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also ensure that all targets have been exposed by the Target Allocator properly:
```
